Title: Portal 2 Gems
----
Author: Lain 3
----
Date: 2011-05-17 21:58:49
----
Text: I am a HUGE fan of mystery. I love when the people behind a project take the time to fully flesh out an idea and think so far ahead that they can slowly and tantalizingly reveal details of the project that only entice you to explore further and dig deeper! Mystery is a vacuum - it sucks you further into the story in the absence of information. As my inspiration J.J. Abrams says, "Mystery is the catalyst for imagination." In the absence of details and information, the mind goes wild, filling in the gaps with unparalleled flights of fancy, merriment, and wonder.  As the catalyst for imagination, mystery keeps things fresh and fun.

Recently Valve released the sequel to their mysterious "extra content" game, Portal. Building upon the little story they had revealed in the prequel, Portal 2 furthers the story of Chell and GlaDOS, and their seemingly endless game of cat and mouse. What makes Portal 2 amazing however is the element of mystery!

I remember beating the game a few weeks ago, having loved every minute of it, but sharing with my brother that it seemed to lack that same level of mystery that the first game had.  In Portal, there was so much that was to be explored and explained, from who was writing on the walls, who was running Aperture, what the hell the cake was all about!  In Portal 2, there were certain elements of mystery, such as Chell waking back up in Aperture and the ultra-subterrainian ruins of Aperture Labs past, but where were the frantic scribbles of Doug "The Rat Man" Rattman? Where was the cake and was it ever even about the cake?!?

Well, much to my surprise and extreme jubilation, not to mention the taste of my foot in my mouth, the folks at Valve had EVERYTHING under control, they were just practicing being mysterious to keep us intrigued. Now I love J.J. Abrams and still consider him to be the king of hidden details and backstory, and the folks at Valve must've taken a page straight out of his book to be able to provide us with over 30 secret "Easter eggs" that reveal SO much more of the game's backstory that I ever thought possible! And the homies at <a href="http://tinyurl.com/5rr4a5o">GameRadar.com</a> have ever so graciously taken the time to provide us with a detailed walkthrough of every single one of them!

Head on over to <a href="http://tinyurl.com/5rr4a5o">http://tinyurl.com/5rr4a5o</a> and check out their in-depth article revealing some of the most awesome hidden backstory elements and secret details of what is quickly becoming the game of the year. Including one "super" easter egg in the PC version. Don't skim this!!! Go thru EVERY SINGLE ONE!!! Trust me, it's totally worth it!

In the words of GlaDOS, this easter egg walkthrough, "...Is lookin' PRETTY gooooood..."