Title: Goodbye Steve
----
Author: Lain 3
----
Date: 2011-10-06 11:31:48
----
Text: Yesterday, we said goodbye to a man we all considered to be a true visionary leader in the way he changed our global culture.  Steve Jobs (b.1955 - d.2011) was an inspiration to not just one but several generations of forward-thinkers and doers, and the products he pioneered through his company, Apple, Inc. (formerly Apple Computer, Inc.) have changed the way business is done, visions are created, and dreams are cast.  In essence, this titan of business, film and computers changed the way we live our daily lives...and today, we remember him for his contributions to humanity.

For some reason, hearing the news of the death of a legendary visionary yesterday seemed to really catch me off guard, leaving me feeling really sad.  I never met Steve, but for the last three years have been completely converted into a "MacHead", watching and experiencing first-hand how Apple products have made my life much easier in terms of productivity, work flow, and ease of use.  I went from having a janky PC to owning a MacBook Pro, iMac, iPhone (I'm on my second), iPod, iPod Touch, and now an iPad all within that 3-year stint!  And I'm praying that the company has been left in capable hands so that Steve's legacy can live on triumphantly, and so that we can continue to benefit from the geniuses at Apple, Inc.  But having to suddenly hear of Steve's death really caught me off-guard, and I felt pretty bad yesterday, thinking about how fragile life is, and how ever moment is a gift.  How really, it's not what you gain, but as Steve put it, what type of "ding" you leave in the universe, how you treat people while you're here, and what sort of legacy you leave.

This morning, my fianceé's cousin posted an awesome quote on his Facebook wall dealing with this issue precisely.  She handed me her phone and said, "Here, this is for you..." in hopes that it would cheer me up.  Here's what I read:
<p style="padding-left: 30px;"><span style="color: #2296df; font-size: medium;">"Death is very likely the single best invention of Life.  It is Life's 'change agent'.  It clears out the old to make way for the new.  Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away.  Sorry to be so dramatic, but it is quite true.  Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.  Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking.  Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your own inner voice.  And most important, have the courage to follow your hear and intuition.  They somehow already know what you truly want to become.  Everything else is secondary."</span></p>
Guess who said that?  That's right...Steve Jobs.  Immediately, even though I already knew this, it made me feel much better about Steve leaving us to make way for the new, the next genius visionary who will help change and influence the world.  Thank you Steve, for everything you've done and contributed to our lives!  May the Lord bless you in your next journey, and your family in this time of healing.

In memoreum:

<span style="font-size: medium;"><strong>Steven Paul Jobs (56), b.1955 - d.2011</strong></span>