Title: Don't Be Afraid to Share
----
Author: Lain 3
----
Date: 2012-09-14 09:04:24
----
Text: <span style="font-size: medium;">*At the time of this post going live, there is an open conversation going on over at <a href="http://zerply.com/JasonMBlumer/converse/3929/" target="_blank">Zerply Converse</a>, hosted by <a href="http://zerply.com/JasonMBlumer" target="_blank">Jason Blumer (CPA)</a>.  Ask about running a design business, growing, scaling, marketing, small business investments, partnerships, accounting technology, creative coaching, contractors, employees, technology integrations, pricing, individual taxes, business taxes and/or payroll. Ask away and he'll get it answered!</span>

As a designer and solopreneur, all of my time is spent on the computer.  But very little of my time is spent designing.  A large portion of my time is spent researching, preparing documents and writing emails.  I recently read in an article that on average, independent "contract" designers only spend 30% of their valuable time designing, while the other 70% is spent preparing documents, emails, and researching.  We wear so many hats as solopreneurs and our time is split between so many different tasks, it would be nice to have a little help here and there with finding new resources.  Unfortunately, in the design world, there seems to be a lack of dissemination of information among fellow designers.

I've found there are two types of design professionals - those who reach out and give back to the design community, and those who protect their information and resources with their lives.  Unfortunately, there seems to be more of the latter type than the former.  I've noticed a lot of this "tight-lipped" behavior mainly in social circles, such as my favorite social network, Instagram.  Instagram has an AMAZINGLY responsive artistic community, and is great for getting feedback from (and to) fellow artists and "followers".  But there have been numerous occassions when I've witnessed comments by "followers" to the more "popular" designers, perhaps inquiring about where or how a product was made, left completely unanswered and unacknowledged.  I've never quite understood this practice, and have only done it myself when my products were in the sample/development stage of production (and even then, I've still replied w/o revealing too much).  I've spoken with designers who've emailed their peers about things they've done, agencies they've worked with, products they've made, and have only received a few limited, barely helpful replies.  For the most part, these replies are limited in useful information, and are full of generic "motivational" information, such as "Just keep working hard..." and so forth.  These designers seem to think that by protecting their resources, they are thereby ensuring their own survival and longevity.  They seem to think protecting resources means they're protecting their careers.  This couldn't be further from the truth.

I've never understood why this is?  Why is it so hard for designers to share resources with other designers?  I understand maybe not sharing your info with the general public, but I would think sharing with other designers wouldn't be an issue.  Protecting your rates and pricing structure, even your client list, I understand as being taboo to share with others (even illegal in some contractual situations).  But there is a serious and disappointing lack of information sharing among design professionals on a personal level.  I recognize there are plenty of blogs and other resources out there providing designers with "general" information, but I would very much like to see more information sharing among peers and colleagues.

I challenge my readers to do what I'm challenging myself to do: SHARE the next time you're asked "Where did you..." or "How did you..." by a design colleague or fan.  What's it going to hurt if you tell them?  Maybe by adopting a philosophy of sharing, we will be able to help each other out and save time doing so much searching and spend more time doing what we all do best - designing.

